improve documentation of APM Error Tracking (#28951)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/error_tracking/explorer.md

Error Tracking automatically indexes a predefined list of attributes from your issues and creates facets out of it. A facet displays all the distinct members of an attribute for the selected time period and provides some basic analytics, such as the number of issues represented. Facets allow you to pivot or filter your issues based on the given attribute.

> Some notable error attributes are:

Author: Indeed way better !

| Attribute | Description |
|-----------|-------------|
| `error.message`| The message associated with the error. |

> | `error.type` | The type or class of the error |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `error.type` | The type or class of the error. |
```

| `error.stack` | The stack trace associated with the error. |

> | `error.handling` | An APM error is reported as `handled` whenever it is a child of span reporting a succesful operation (HTTP 200, gRPC OK) or a succesful error handling (HTTP 400, gRPC NOT_FOUND). A RUM error is reported as `unhandled` whenever it is not handled manually. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `error.handling` | An APM error is reported as `handled` whenever it is a child of a span reporting a succesful operation (HTTP 200, gRPC OK) or a succesful error handling (HTTP 400, gRPC NOT_FOUND). A RUM error is reported as `unhandled` whenever it is not handled manually. |
```

> | `error.handling` | An APM error is reported as `handled` whenever it is a child of a span reporting a succesful operation (HTTP 200, gRPC OK) or a succesful error handling (HTTP 400, gRPC NOT_FOUND). A RUM error is reported as `unhandled` whenever it is not handled manually. |

Reviewer 2: Updating so that the description is parallel with those for the preceding attributes. Also condensing a bit and fixing some typos.

```suggestion
| `error.handling` | Indicates whether the error was handled. APM errors are considered handled if their parent span reports success (e.g., HTTP 200); RUM errors are unhandled unless explicitly marked. |
```

Author: It reads better but we lose some details about how the feature works exactly. WDYT of: https://github.com/DataDog/documentation/pull/28951/commits/26d4d9d3e137952bfa0a856cb9b18b23992e1dfa ?

> | `error.handling` | Indicates whether the error was handled. APM errors are considered `handled` if a parent span reports success (`HTTP 200`, `gRPC OK`) or a succesful error handling (`HTTP 400`, `gRPC NOT_FOUND`). RUM errors are `unhandled` if they are not captured manually in the code. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `error.handling` | Indicates whether the error was handled. APM errors are considered `handled` if a parent span reports a successful operation (`HTTP 200`, `gRPC OK`) or successful error handling (`HTTP 400`, `gRPC NOT_FOUND`). RUM errors are `unhandled` if they are not captured manually in the code. |
```
